>> Zac Gordon: Okay, so the next thing
I wanna do is make sure that you copy
the simple post's endpoint plugin.
Make sure you put that
in the plugins folder.
And then come into your plugins
area.
>> Zac Gordon: We'll
make sure all our old
stuff is deactivated.
And then make sure to activate
this simple posts endpoint.
And what this does is,
then on your site at .com/simple/v1/posts,
you could see some even more
trimmed down data about posts.
So let's go ahead and copy this from
WP JSON, all the way in the posts and
put this in our URL.
>> Zac Gordon: So
notice now, I'm getting all my posts
still but look at the simplicity of this.
Remember before, we had title.rendered and
we had the GUD and
we had all the date modifications and
all these other stuff.
Now what we have is the simple ID,
URLs, slug, title, excerpt, content.
Boom, done, right?
So obviously this is going to be
faster for the query to build and
to get out to your site and
that's gonna be faster to process.
So this again, my recommendation for
trying to slim stuff down a little bit and
let's just take a quick moment and
look at the code here behind it.
So go ahead and open up that folder,
jsforwpsimplepostsendpoint, and
then open that main plugin file.
>> Zac Gordon: Again, this is PHP,
and my expectation's not necessarily that
you'll walk away knowing how to do this.
There is pretty good documentation on
the site that I showed you before.
But the different pieces
should make sense.
So first of all, I'm registering my route
and I'm telling them what it's gonna be,
so it's gonna be /simple/V1 and
then I'm only gonna have posts available.
You could only get posts, so
I'm not gonna let anybody save or
delete posts with my code, and then if
somebody hits this, what should they do.
Well, that's gonna load this call
back function which will tell it,
tell WordPress what to do.
So, coming down
into that,
>> Zac Gordon: First we set
up some arguments for
this get posts function.
So again, this is kind of PHP stuff but
this is one of the simple ways in
WordPress to get a bunch of post.
So here I'm saying -1 means
get me all of the posts.
So I had set this to 3, it would have
limited it and there's a bunch of
arguments you could search for
get_posts if you wanna do more on this.
It's documented pretty well.
If there aren't any
posts don't do anything.
But then if there are posts, so
if I get posts back, then for each post,
go ahead and create a new simple_post
that only has this specific data, right?
So I'm getting my post here,
this is a foreach loop.
And then I'm saying set ID, equal to
ID set URLs equal to the unique ID.
Set the slug, set the title,
set the excerpt.
This is going to apply any HTML to it so
that you get access
to that HTML otherwise it might come
out unformatted which you don't want.
And then push those all to this
one array and feedback that array.
So this is enough if you
needed a custom media one,
if you needed a custom comment or
anything that you wanted to trim down.
You should be able to tweak this and
get to where you need to go.
But if we come into the browser now and go
to simple v1, we see exactly that, right?
If I were to comment out some of these,
and
maybe I only wanted titles back,
then it would trim it down even more.
But notice that once we make
this request and get our posts,
it doesn't really matter what data we add.
It's not really gonna
slow it down too much.
It's how many more other requests we
need to then go make on top of that.
So if I wanted to pull in the author name,
that's a whole another request on top.
So again, just stuff to think about and
really that is all we need
to know about practicing and
getting comfortable with
the WordPress Rest API.
So I'll pause here at this point just
to see if there are any questions about
anything that we’ve covered up to
this point in terms of endpoints,
arguments, or custom endpoints.